# Fault Detection and Efficiency Assesment for HVAC Systems Using Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring: A Review

## Introduction
* The development of FDD methods and EE evaluation technique are two key tools in the implementation of feedback tools and reducing power consumption in building.
* Methods for FDD in buildings:
    1. data driven-based approaches
    2. knowledge-based (knowledge-based models are constructed for  specific systems and conditions and are hard to adapt to different one)
* Non-intrusive monitoring(NILM) has been developed 
* xD

## Overview of NILM
* NILM doesn't require an individual measurement tool to be installed in each appliance.
* The NILM con not only provide useful information about residents, their habits, and daily activities but also takes into account other aspects such as consumers' privacy.
* NILM is composed of two basic parts: smart metering and the load identification process
* For instance, to measure power characteristics that are required for extracting the frequency components or transient-based approaches, a high frequency sampling are required.
* The load dissagregation algorithms rely on two main strategies to identify appliances: event-based and non-event-based approaches.
* **The transient could provide better results.**
* In comparison with the steady-state features, the transient analysis could provide better results, but it requires a high-frequency metering sensor that is not available in most commercial smart meters.


## NILM-Based FDD for HVACs
* Reducing the maintenance and electricity costs, decreasing carbon emissions, and lowering the peak demand are some of the benefits of using FDD methods in HVACs.
* **Faults change load signatures that could be analyzed for FDD**
* In [34], NILM has been successfully used for FDD of various types of faults in Rooftop Cooling Unit(RTU)
  1. Flow blockage
  2. Fan imbalance
  3. Refrigerant undercharge and overcharge faults
  4. short-cycling
  5. Bypass leakeage
  6. Liquid ingestion faults
* The authors are suggestedof both a transient and steady-state electrical characteristics for the detection of various RTU faults.  
* Five generic methods are implemented by NILM for fault detection in [34]:
  1. The change in the mean of steady-state power and reactive power.
  2. Matching the patterns of start transients.
  3. The detection of anomalous transients.
  4. Analyzing the real-power amplitude spectrum 
  5. The curren(ratio) and voltage(threshold) monitoring for phase imbalance detection.
* The fault diagnosis needs more information in comparison with that required for fault detection e.g., using static pressure.
* Fault diagnosis was conducted in [35] using NILM and by processing the changes in current and voltage waveform, caused by ON/OFF events, using Fourier transform and spectral analysis. The results show the proposed technique detects blocks and leak refrigerant faults with 94% accuracy.
* In [36], Rashid and Singh implemented a K-means clustering algorithm to identify ON and OFF states of the compressor of an appliance.
* The Building Management System(BMS) is extensively implemented in modern commercial and residential buildings.
* Most commercial BMSs utilize simple FDD methods such as threshold monitoring in which an alarm is generated when a parameter is higher than a present threshold.

## Energy Efficiency Assessment of HVACs Using NILM
* HAVC systems are responsible for up to 50% of a building's energy consuption.
* The energy efficient(EE) is dependet on many factors including the type of appliances, wheater parameters, and user's behavior and habits.
* 15-min energy consumption data of 20 residential users within 30 days, this information was analyzed for identifying the energy consuption patterns of users and detection energy inefficiencies to give recommnendations and feedback for energy saving.
* Energy use intensity (EUI) has been used as a popular indicator for energy performance evaluation in public buildings. It has been calaculated by dividing the total annual energy consumption of a building by its  total gross floor area.
*  The results indicate that hourly or even daily values of electricity consumption data are suffficient for the detection of four properties with acceptable accuracy: a number of appliances, heat pump, water heating type,  and space heating type.

## Research Challenge and Future Directions
1. Availavility of Public Data
   * The shortage of real-world data is more drastic for FDD due to low-occurence rate of faults.
   * Providing reliale high-resolution labeled HVAC dataset is critical solution for dealing with the challenge of development and implementation of FDD methods in real-world HVACs systems
2. Development of NILM Techniques for FDD of Energy Assessment of HVAC Systems
   * ON/OFF states of operation can be easily recognized by NILM techniques.(disagreation techniques allows to identify faults)
   * The implementation of NILM-based methods for FDD in various types of HVAC systems(split type, packages and others) for residencial and commercial buildings.
3. Development of NILM and FDD Techniques Compatible with Low-Resolution Data
   * Most NILM techniques requiere the installation of high-resolution smart meter or power quality meters(sampling rate in KHz) to monitor the events and other characteristics of electrical devices and the appliance level accuracy. 
   * The development of NILM methods and FDD techniques that could accurately work with low resolution data is most suitable for wide adoption.[52]
    > I am particularly disagreed with this item, the assumptions about the cost of data storage and communication will be easily avoided with the rapid advance of cloud computing, 5G etc.
4. NILM Accuracy
   * NILM must have a minimun of accuracy in range from 80-90%.
   * The performance of load dissagregation approaches for FDD and evaluation of EE has not been suffiently investigated.
## Conclusions
