# A Digital Twin Architecture Model Applied with MLOps Techniques Improve Short-Term Energy Consumption Prediction
## Abstract
* Predict short-term energy consumption
* Obtaining specific and valuable recommendations is difficult for most digital platforms due to their solution pattern:
  - Extensive database
  - Specialized algorithms
  - Using profiles with similar aspects.
* The challenges and present personalization tactics have been reasearched by adopting a digital twin model.
* Adding  structural topology to build a new category of recommendation platform using the digital twin model with real-time data collected by IoT sensors to improve machine learning methods

## 1. Introduction
* The **demand side management** enables an effective method to reduce costs of electricity, which in turn restrict the need for more investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure.
* One example of demand side management is employing dynamic hourly energy prices to make consuming energy in peak hours more expensive.
* In the future the behavior of real-time energy usage will be enable by digital platforms.
* The scenario of digital data, ready to be processed by algorithms and artificial intelligence platforms, is quite consistent with product innovations and services in this area.
* Smart meters adoption for energy consumption monitoring enables analyzing usage habits of home appliances.
* The convergence of digital twin and machine learning is said to improve productivity and quality in smart scenarios.
* **Are there computational mechanisms that enable specialized insights from customers employing prediction models?**
* **Research Question 1** How do we obtain intelligent real-time database containing information from each user instead of using conventional database structures with raw data?
* **Research Question 2** How do we configure Machine Learning Prediction Services for each user that would consider the challenges of real world deployment?
* A different approach adding structural topology to build a new category of recommendation platform using the digital twin model fed with real-time data collected by IoT Sensors to improve the exiting machine learning approach.
* **Closing the gap between machine learning models used for predicting residential energy consumption and real world deployment by presenting a solution that includes household metadata so that other systems make better use of prediction results**
* 

## 2. Research Methodology
### 2.1. Research Context

### 2.2. Short Term Energy Consumption Prediction

### 2.3. MLops

### 2.4. Digital Twin

## 5. Discussion
### 5.1. Comparison with Related Work
* Most works used offline experiments, disregarding MLOps challenges to energy consumption forecasting.

## 6. Conclusions
* Q1: The DT household ontology model that includes topological and behavioral aspects of the residence and relevant metadata that may be used with the energy consumption forecasts by other systems.
* Q2: MLOps experiments that show how the proposed solution is robust to missing data and supports multiple time granularity of 1 to 1440 min and MSE and NMSE metrics.
* A smart home digital twin integrated with MLOps is proposed to effectively predicts energy consumption at a device level.
* 